This is Philip. He gave up a highpaying
job in tech to start a garbage
collection business. Last year, he lost
$150,000. So, Philip has a wife and a
kid and another baby on the way. And if
he doesn't fix the business model fast,
he'll put that growing family at risk.
Hi, my name is Philip. I'm the owner of
Garvey Disposal Services. We do
residential trash, recycling, and yard
waste collection. Our revenue is
642,000. Our net profit is -151,000.
>> That's the wrong side.
>> It is on the wrong side.
>> All right. Our net margins are negative
23%. We've been in business for a little
under two years and we currently serve
2500 customers.
>> So what's the problem?
>> We need to become profitable.
>> We're not utilizing our assets enough.
Trash is a very capitalally intensive
business.
>> Totally.
>> One of our trucks is a half utilization.
Routes are not super efficient.
>> We've had lots of unexpected repairs. We
need more leads. Scale up our doortodoor
efforts. We need to scale up our meta
ads efforts profitably though.
>> Mhm. And we need more conversions on the
HOA side and we need to increase our
route efficiency. So, a lot of things we
need to do.
>> So many things. Why is solving this
important? What happens if you don't
solve this? I'm definitely in the thick
of my rocky cut scene right now where um
I left my highpaying job at Amazon as a
software engineer to start this cuz I
thought it was a great opportunity
>> and I have been working 16 hours a day,
7 days a week for the past 2 years with
really little to nothing actually
negative to show for it.
>> And I have a wife and a child at home
and my wife is actually due in the next
6 weeks which props to me. So, I need to
make sure that I'm able to provide for
her and my daughter and uh the new baby,
especially as you know, my wife won't be
able to work. So, it's really crucial
that we figure this thing out sooner
rather than later.
>> And I think we're really close because
>> by my estimations, we 3,000 customers is
going to be that critical mass point
where we're going to start to make some
money.
>> Mhm. So, here's my promise to you, which
I don't normally do. By the time you
leave, you'll feel absolutely clear on
what you need to do in order to be
profitable. All right. So, I'll I'll
stay as long as it takes to make sure
that you're good.
>> Okay.
>> All right. Okay. All right. So, who do
you help?
>> Yeah. So, we have two types of avatars.
50% are what we call scatter. The other
50% are HOAs. And there's two different
types of sales processes for these two
types of customers.
>> Yeah. What's the is there is there a
difference in in like home value or
income in the scatter versus HOAs? or
HOAs t do they tend to be nicer than the
other ones or
>> we've had some HOAs that are lower
income for sure
>> and then we have some scatter customers
that are much higher income that scatter
group is is thinking about switching to
be an HOA so
>> typically it does correlate with income
the HOAs are higher income
>> in general right I think there's going
to be a big strategic decision that
we're going to have to make that you're
probably not expecting and it's around
>> it's around who the avatar is. So we'll
talk more about that. The second thing
is going to be how you acquire them. So
how do you help them?
>> Okay, so we have two different types of
services for two different customers. So
our scatter customers have once weekly
trash, recycling, and yard waste
collection.
>> Most don't have an existing contract,
>> so we can just get them set up and start
service even next week, but typically
the beginning of the month is what we
do.
>> Then our HOAs have two service options
there. So they can either have once or
twice weekly trash collection. Most of
them opt for the twice weekly trash
collection.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah. 80%.
>> So they're on three or fiveyear
contracts usually and so we wait for the
end of those contracts for us to be able
to bid.
>> Do you reach out to find out when the
end of their contracts are and then you
just have put them in a calendar
basically
>> Excel spreadsheet.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yep.
>> Yep. So once those are up for bid then
we start to uh then we just calculate
the price and everything and then we
often the low bid will win.
Unfortunately, that's kind of the name
of the game.
>> That's what I want to talk to you about.
Yeah.
>> So, we'll get Okay, let me ask one more
question about the the slide before,
which is who do you help? So, of homes
in your area, do you know what
percentage of them are scatter versus
kind of like contained within HOAs and
like kind of off the basically off the
board until they come up?
>> In my service area, the there's a very
large majority that are HOAs.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah,
>> that is Do you have any idea what
percentage? I don't know, but I can just
see it on a map.
>> Just if you guesstimate it for me, it's
fine.
>> Um
>> 70%.
>> 70. Okay. Okay. Are there a lot of other
competing trash services on the scatter
side?
>> There's one big one that's really
causing us to reduce a lot of our prices
right now.
>> Yeah, we're going to we're going to
we'll we'll deal with that. Okay. Got
it. Okay. Let's keep going. So, give me
the the money stuff. How do you make
money?
>> So, for our scatter customers, we charge
$29.67 a month, which is built quarterly
at $89. And as an intro offer, we offer
three months free. That's not all in one
go. That's just on the third uh excuse
me, second, third, and fourth invoice.
>> Yeah.
>> And for our HOA customers, it varies
pretty widely. It really depends on, you
know, the home type, whether it's a town
home or a single family home. Single
family home with a lot of families are
going to produce a lot more trash and
then we have to pay that at the
landfill. Um, and so it also varies
depending on the number of units as well
as the proximity to our current route.
Um, and they're actually all on a
monthly billing schedule,
>> but but the scatter ones are on a
monthly billing schedule, too, right?
>> No, they're built quarterly.
>> Oh, quarterly. Excuse me. Got it. Got
it. Got it. Okay. Yeah.
>> You price you price monthly. I got your
>> Yeah, exactly. Y
>> Okay, cool. Okay. So, how do you get
customers?
>> We have four different channels through
which we get customers. So, we have door
todoor and I currently go and do right
around 300 a week. I knock out 300 doors
and my close rate is right around 26%.
And we hired a
>> What's your door open rate?
>> Door open rate was I don't have that
ready,
>> which is rough.
>> I believe it was around
30%.
>> Is it really?
>> Yeah.
>> Dude, so you knock on 12 doors, you get
a sale.
>> Yeah.
>> So chill.
>> You can just like You're like, "Hey, I
got to get lunch." You're like, "Give me
two seconds." Just like knock on 12
doors and you buy lunch.
>> I'm not the best sales guy, but yeah. I
mean, I can even sell. So,
>> okay. Yeah. Okay. There's There's some
things that we're going to do in the
offer that think's going to help us out,
but Okay. So, doortodoor, $50 commission
per sale. That's what you're paying your
current sales guy?
>> Yes, exactly. And he recently started
with us 3 weeks ago.
>> Got it. And he's How many deals is he
doing a day?
>> So, he's been getting better and better,
but right now he averages right around
five.
>> Five a day. I mean, it's not a bad It's
not a bad gig. And he'll just keep
getting better, right?
>> Yes.
>> Like yesterday he got seven.
>> That's awesome. Yeah.
>> That's good. That's really good. That's
very exciting. Okay. Now you pay him 50
and he's collecting less than 50.
>> No, he'll he's a a contractor, so he
just gets all the 50.
>> No, no, as in for what? He like he's
collecting less than 50, but you pay him
50 for getting the sale.
>> He collects the 89 for the first
invoice.
>> Okay. For the first three quarter or for
the first three months.
>> Yep.
Okay. You said that it was you said it
was month 2 3 4 is where they're getting
their free month
>> the quarter 2 3 4.
>> So they get one month on quarter two,
quarter 3 and quarter four. Okay, got
it. Understood. Okay, that's fine. Okay,
so let's walk let's walk through the so
I understand the DDD. Do you have
percentage breakdowns on these between
which one's what in terms of how many
are coming from door to door? How many
are coming from paid ads? How many are
coming coming from outreach? How many
coming from referrals?
>> No, I don't have those numbers.
>> Rough estimate. Yeah. I mean, recently
I'd say 50% have been coming from door
to door because I've really been
pounding the pavement quite literally.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then we leave cards
there and stuff and then people sign up.
>> Yeah. I did see your door hanger got
1.2%.
>> Yeah.
>> Super interesting.
>> Yeah. Okay. Let's Okay. Well, we we'll
keep going. Okay. So, paid ads, you're
spending 600 a month.
>> Yep. Yeah. We have meta ads. We run 600
a month. That gets us HOA and scatter
customers, but they're marketing. We're
we're targeting scatter customers and we
also do cold outreach. So cold email I
exhaust that list pretty quickly. And
then I also have started doing in the
past uh 6 months uh handwritten letters
to members.
>> Yep.
>> 100%.
>> And then we also have referrals for our
scatter customers and the for each
referral they get one free month of
service.
>> So I'll just say this right now. If you
have call it 500 HOAs which represent
70% of the market is not a cold email
play. So that's where it's the
handwritten card personal gift drive up.
It's like you have 365 days. It's like
go to two a day. You know what I mean?
And obviously you're going to have the
ones that are due, you know, with their
own whatever the renewal is. And so even
if they're on threeear cycles, 500
divided by three, so it's 15. you go to
one every other day where you decide to
do one day a week where you visit seven
and it's like you are 100% up to date if
you just did that. Yeah, I think there's
some there's there's opportunity there.
Okay. So, and then referrals.
>> Yeah, referrals for our scatter
customers when they refer their neighbor
successfully, they get one free month of
service. Okay.
>> We also fasttrack them after they get 10
referrals and we just give them a for a
year at that point.
>> Cool. Does that get a lot of people?
>> Not as many as I'd like. I I don't think
I've been good enough about nurturing
referrals, but
>> I have I have ideas. So, how many do you
help? What's your sales velocity per
month? Okay.
>> Yeah. So, we get total average leads is
217 per month. We close about 72 of
them.
>> That's good.
>> Which is a 33% close rate.
>> And is that when you see leads there, is
that from Meta primarily?
>> A lot of them are organic, so they'll
see our cans and then
>> Oh, [__]
>> Yeah.
>> And do you have like QR codes and things
on the cans?
>> No, we don't.
>> Interesting.
>> That's interesting. Well,
>> yeah,
>> I'll write that down.
>> Yeah,
>> but yeah, they'll see our cans
throughout their neighborhood and be
like, "Everyone's switching to your
service, so I might as well switch,
too."
>> Yeah.
>> And they Yeah, that's They just call in.
>> And so our average month for HOAs is
usually two leads.
>> And you provide the bins?
>> We do. Yeah.
>> Do you have a specific color or do they
have to be a certain color?
>> Yeah, I think it helps with our
branding.
>> No, so they do have to be a certain
color.
>> So they can provide their own if they
want.
>> Most people just want our bins.
>> Okay. Okay. And so we provide we provide
a trash and recycling container.
>> All right. I have so many ideas. Average
per month you get two HOA leads. You
close half your HOA leads. That's great.
>> And those are somewhat inbound. Or is
that from the outbound efforts you're
doing?
>> Yeah, those we'll we'll start with the
outbound and then we often times they'll
reach a property manager. Yeah. Or
community manager rather. And then
they'll say, "Hey, not interested right
now." And then they'll reach out later.
>> Got it. Okay. Heard. So you've got a
thousand scatter, 13 HOAs, 2500 doors.
Okay, let me give me all the other
numbers unless you think there's
anything that's important here. HOA
customers more likely to convert in
spring and summer. Okay,
>> just that our churn is super low. Um,
but I think that that might change if we
increase prices. Um, because we haven't
been as aggressive for increasing
recently.
>> Yeah, I got you.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah, cuz I do have I have a bunch
of questions on gross margin, lifetime
gross profit insurance.
>> Yep. Yeah. So, our our revenue is
642,000 as I mentioned earlier, 151,
gross margin 8%. Um, net margin -23.
>> So, how's your The gross margin seems
off.
>> Yeah.
>> So, how is that how is it 8%. Cuz it
can't c like if you're charging $29 a
month, it's not costing you $26 per
month for each incremental ad.
>> So, that was this past year. And this
past year was rough with repairs.
>> Yeah. The $100,000 repairs.
>> Yeah. Just for one truck. Like, that's
not even all the trucks. Like, it was
pretty excessive.
>> Brutal.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So, blended CAC of $67 with a
blended LTV of $1,300.
>> And is LTV like like lifetime revenue or
gross margin?
>> Gross margin.
>> Okay. Okay. That feels better. What's
annual retention
>> or monthly churn? Either way,
>> uh it's at point4%.
>> Nice.
>> Nice. Sick. That's really good. Okay.
So, and then you've got marketing at
$1,000 a month. Is that you that
includes doortodoor?
>> Yes. Marketing with door to door. That's
actually we since we just started that
guy that's going to be increasing
>> be way more obviously if he's closing
seven that's three you know that's 350
right there. Okay.
>> Exactly.
>> What else you got?
>> So our numbers by customer type. So
50/50 for our revenue. So 300,000 for
our HOAs. And then um we have a CAC of
$1,200 with an LTV of 23,000 and an LTV
CAC of 18 to1.
>> And our gross margins on this are 23%.
And we have a total of 13 of these
customers. And the reason the gross
margins are off there compared to what
was last year is because I'm going based
on, you know, backing out some of those
costs that we had
>> that are oneoff one-off costs. And then
for the scatter, we have 300,000 in
revenue and a CAC of $51 and LTV of
a,000. 21 to1 uh LTV to CAC and a gross
margin of 26 to 40%. And the reason I
did that range there is because right
now it's at 26. But once we get
efficiency, it's we're very easily going
to get to 40.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. You can also raise prices a couple
dollars. It's like, oh, look, we go 10%,
we add three bucks.
>> That's true. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Let me see the ads. So, we have a total
ad spend of 7,500 with a cost per click
of $212
and total clicks of 3500 with total
sales of 153 and a CAC of 51 uh 63 with
an LTV of a,000 just like the other ones
and then LTV to CAC of 20 to1.
>> What stops you from just spending
70,000?
>> A lot of it is our our cost per lead
goes like crazy crazy high because it's
such a small area we're marketing
towards.
>> I'll tell you why, but okay. when I was
doing it. I could be doing it wrong. Um,
but it was just it was
>> you're doing a lot of stuff right.
>> I feel like I'm doing everything wrong.
>> No, you're good. You're good. We'll get
there. Okay. So, meds, I got this. These
numbers are good, though. I get You're
saying that it skyrockets after a
certain point. We'll deal with that. Do
you have any other metrics or creative
to show?
>> I have the cold outreach. It's kind of
skewed a little bit because it's so low
for our our cost per lead because it's
all public data. Um, but this is for
email as well as uh the direct mail.
>> You're just not valuing your time
because you're the one doing it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's right.
>> Okay. Yep.
>> So, yeah. I mean, $12,000 if you have
700 to one. Yeah. Let's do more than
that. Yeah. It only cost you $174 to
make, you know, $12,000.
>> Really?
>> And you got nine more HOAs in the
pipeline.
>> We do. Yeah. I'm a lot of them seem very
interested.
>> If you close half, what happens to the
business?
>> The business grows substantially. Yeah.
>> Okay. That sounds chill.
>> That sounds pretty good.
>> Okay. You know, so what's really
interesting about your business is that
we have two key decisions that we have
to make. Decision number one is what
avatar we're going to focus on. Decision
two is what channel we're going to focus
on to get them. I think the direction we
go in will depend on you, but you might
be surprised by which way we go.
>> Okay.
>> If you had to wave a magic wand, what
thing is giving you the most heartburn
right now?
>> Not being able to
>> obviously money.
>> Yeah.
>> But what's the what's the indicator
prior to that? Like is it like if people
paid you $200 upfront that would change
the economics of the business
dramatically? Like is it simply just not
getting leads? Like I'm like that's I
just want to understand that part.
>> Yeah. It's more about offsetting some of
the upfront costs.
>> This is what I want to solve for which
is I would like to have the most
scalable acquisition channel we can that
can get cuz also you you're like if you
spend $7,000 even in a local area,
you're not even getting close to
tapping. How big's the the market
overall? Like on a you know 10 20 mile
radius?
>> Yeah, it's pretty big. A few million
people.
>> Yeah. Right. I mean like you're not even
close. So like I would love to see spend
at like 7 $10,000 a month on the
Facebook side and then probably another
5 or 10,000 a month on PBC which will
have super high intent. I'll have
different metrics around it but we'll
get there. For
us to solve the problem for good. We
just need cash in the first 30 days to
be greater than your cost of goods sold
and CAC fully loaded,
>> right?
>> So, do you know what that number is?
Like what's
So, let's ignore CAC for a second. I
guess we have 50. We can use that as a
placeholder or 67. We want to be bullish
or bearish. So, $67 CAC. And then what's
it cost to kind of like onboard someone
and kind of like get them going?
>> I do that all myself. So I don't I mean
>> if you paid someone and you and the bin
was you had like fully fully bake it in
cuz we want to scale past you,
>> right? Yeah. So to deliver all the
containers for you know let's say like
200 customers it' be about $500 to pay
someone.
>> So that's two $2 like50
>> per customer.
>> Yep.
>> So that's not big. So when I'm say so
you get where I'm going with this where
it's like okay if it cost us $70 if we
made more than 70 on the first
transaction which you do
what's what's something like what's
stopping is just that like you can't get
more leads and then it just and then it
because you're at 20 to1.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And you're at least more than one
to one on the front end. So like why
like why not is it just you just can't
as soon as you spend more just goes to
zero like
>> So yeah the issue is is that we have
fulfillment those months after that we
still have to cover. So like they pay
for the quarter in the first month and
then we have to pay for fulfillment in
months two and three.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Which is completely it costs roughly
like if we get them all
>> give me that number
>> that would be for the fully that's what
I'm saying cost of goods. So give me the
fully loaded before you get the next
payment.
>> Got it. Yes. Okay. So, um, for each
customer on the existing round, it's $14
>> or per pickup per month, right?
>> So, it's $14 and you're going to pick it
up three times.
>> We have three pickups per week. Yep.
>> Wait, hold on. It's 14. It's 14 hours
per month, right?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. 14 hours per month and they're
paying quarterly.
>> Yes.
>> So, it's times three, right? So, it's 42
bucks in costs for the first month of
delivery. When I say delivery, I mean
like fulfillment, right? And your CAC
is, we'll call it $70,
>> right?
>> So, if we get upfront cash over call it
120 bucks,
you could be good to go,
>> right?
>> Well, then let's solve for that.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Pull it out of me.
>> No, you're good. I mean,
That's why we're here. Okay, cool. Let's
come over. Let's Let's break it up.
Let's figure it out. What order do I
want to do this in? I think we need
So, I think what we're going to do is I
think we're going to go avatar. I want
to get clear on this because I think
that's super important. Two is I
actually think we're going to go offer
next. We have to figure out like how
we're going to, you know, do it,
>> uh, you know, facilitate the
transaction. And then once we know that,
then we can do acquisition channel. And
then I think we can go ads
and then we're going to go sales
process.
We'll do some funnel funnelytics. I
think that's it. I think that's what we
need to do. Okay.
>> You're at that in that stage where like
I like having one avatar, one channel,
one product up to a million dollars or
more, right? And you're kind of you're
right there, right? And so you have two
avatars and like five channels
>> pretty much,
>> right? Yeah. And so you feel spread
thin. This is me just hearing you out.
And so what I want to solve for is we
have to make this decision between HOA
and scatter. So if you could just do
one, which one would you do?
>> I think HOA is a better opportunity.
>> Okay. I'll tell you I'll tell you why I
don't like either of them.
>> Okay.
and then I'll tell you why I like both.
Okay? All right.
>> So, the reason that I don't like HOA is
I never want to have a commoditized
service where I get into an auction
>> because then it's always just going to
be raced to the bottom. Now,
>> the reality is that that's not going to
change. And so, it's like what business
are you really in, right? And so, the
business that I think you're really in
is the efficiency business. So
fundamentally like if you if if 70% of
the market is owned by HOAs and they
continue to gobble more and more you
know more of these houses continue to
glob together then it's kind of an in uh
eventuality right that happens. So
figuring out the HOA offer I think makes
sense from a future proofing
perspective, but the strategy of the
business has to be geared towards
efficiency because it's the only way
you're going to beat the other players
because I agree. I think they're going
to commoditize you and I think they're
going to make it lowest lowest bid
fundamentally. The reason that I like
scatter in the short term is that you
can price more aggressively. You can
higher gross margins. You can outmarket,
you know, your competition. There's
still a decent amount of market share
that's there, but and acquiring them is
super easy. If you just knock on 12
doors and get a sale, it's like, all
right, well, how many doors do you need
to knock on?
>> That's true.
>> It's like very straightforward.
>> Because like taking it to the
hypothetical extreme, it's like, okay,
>> what stops me from running an ad,
getting 10 guys, getting them into a
room, taking a day to have them, you
know, to train to train them, and then
all of a sudden I've got 10 guys doing
five or five to seven sales a day, all
on contract with no risk.
>> That sounds relatively appealing. And
the nice thing with doortodoor is that
they already naturally have a route,
right, which you already know. And so it
it makes it even more efficient for the
business right on the back end. So
that's what I like about scatter, but I
do think that there's, you know, long
long term there's there's probably some
downside risk or sorry. Yeah, there's
some risk. The HOA I just feel like
you're going to continue to get
squeezed.
>> Yeah, that's the only So you're like,
okay, well then which one should I do?
You mind if I add something?
>> Yeah, go for it.
>> I think that the thing with scatter
that's even better, too. And the reason
I said HOA was not really because of
>> Oh, you're good.
>> Like the I like I like HOAs because I
think that the competitor that we have
right now that's really aggressive is
really going hard scatter and no HOAs.
So like it and then a competitor that
only does HOAs, we recently acquired so
people are unhappy with them. So then it
kind of opens it up for me. But the
thing I love about scatter is what you
said about pricing and then also the
fact that it's only once weekly
collection. So we increase throughput
for each truck.
>> Mhm.
>> So that's the thing I like about it. But
in terms of you know me being one I
guess I'm just thinking about it in a
limited sense where I'm I'm like I'm
only one guy. How many doors can I knock
on a day? You know
>> it's not going to be human.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So we just I mean
let's think of it this way. You said
when you get to 3,000 doors is when
you're like super profitable, right?
like it becomes more profitable.
>> Yeah, we have.
>> And if we get to $5,000, then you're
like,
>> we're good.
>> You're Yeah, you're good.
>> Well, I mean, in my mind, I like to
think like if I had to take this to its
natural extreme, and I only had have one
thing be true, cuz I like I like to like
make a plan on like the fewest need to
believe is possible. Like every single
new assumption that we introduce like
dramatically decreases the likelihood
that it occurs. If I said, "All right,
do you think it's humanly possible to
get 10 people to work on commission to
knock these doors
and get to let's say conservatively five
a day right now? This guy's going to
keep getting better. He's three weeks
and he's already doing seven. Fine." But
like, let's just say they stick to five
a day.
>> Y
>> that's 50 sales a day. It's 1,500 a
month. You're looking at $20,000 by the
end of the year.
>> That's
>> right. And so to me it's like okay well
that overshoots our goal by like you
know 8x.
>> So
there's all these things that you're
doing but if it was like if only that
one thing were true then what are the
other need to believe that are
associated with that which is that you
can find the houses to do these door
knocking on.
>> Do you have the ability to do that?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So knowing where to go is not a
problem.
>> Yeah.
>> And so basically your ability to solve
two things. one is the cash to pay the
salespeople that they collect as much as
you owe them and that you can cover the
cost of the first, you know, the $42
that we went over earlier.
And so, like, if the only thing you did
was like you went home and you were
like, I'm going to go find 10 dudes and
they will be commission only and I will
just rejig the offer so that I can get
$42 plus what I have to pay them
upfront.
We don't have to talk about anything
else.
>> Yeah.
Let's do it.
I mean, like I can go through like I can
look at the ads and I can tell you what
I think like could be better. I can tell
you why the the which you know, we can
go through some of those things, but
fundamentally like I just want to be
like here's the ramrod. Like if only
this were true, then what stops me from
doing that? Not a ton, which is just the
offer and getting the sales guys on.
>> Yeah.
>> And then after that's done, it's like
that's it.
>> Yeah. And then we just and then we just
jam it and then you just don't let
yourself get distracted,
>> right?
>> I will give you my my blessing on if you
get an inbound HOA, you can close them.
>> But I still would be like this is our
growth strategy. I mean, like, yeah,
sure, except for money provided it
doesn't there's it's super operationally
efficient. It does take some of your
time. Fine. You're the owner. You can
close big deals. But by and large, I
think that's the play.
>> Okay. All right. Great. So, I think we
go scatter.
[Music]
Great. That was decision number one.
>> Yep.
>> Now, acquisition channel, you already
have 50% coming from door to door. So,
that gives us that one. Right. So, I'm
going to hit the sales process in a
second, but I think we need to go on
offer because this is kind of the big
the big unlock of this business. All
right. So,
we have to get You said you're going to
pay them 50, right?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So, here's how I would restructure
this.
I would say we have to get $42 no matter
what. Period. Because that's what it
costs. That's hard cost, right? So, this
is base. Then got to get the sales guy
paid. So, I'm just going to put
commission here, which we can fill in in
a second. So, we kind of backfill that.
Okay. We have to get a commission and we
have to get the contract, right? So,
what I want to do is find something. So,
do you give them all a new bin or can
they get like a do they get like
somebody else's bin or like how does
that work?
>> We recycle the bin. So if someone like
the three people who canled then we'll
but for the most part they're new bands.
>> They're new bands. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And we'll finance them over 3 years.
Before I bought them with cash, but then
I'm like, "Okay, maybe we should
probably move on to more cash."
>> You wait, you used to pay for them in
cash. You finance them.
>> Now I'm financing. Yeah.
>> And do the customer is that $14 per
month including included?
>> Yes. Yes.
>> How much does it cost for a bit
>> for the set including freight? It's 116.
All right. So, it's 116.
Okay. Now, so this is Ben.
What else can you sell up front?
Bulk pickup maybe.
>> Um,
>> but the only How many What percentage
customers like opt for that?
>> That's also seasonal and that's
>> So, no, that's not the offer. Okay. What
else? So, I'll tell you I had this idea.
So, we talked about the QR code earlier.
Mhm.
>> So, what I was thinking about doing was
like you put the just the ugliest
massive QR code on there and you just
say, "Hey, if you want to not have this
big QR code on there, it's it's an extra
five bucks a month."
>> Or if you're cool with it and you're
still like cool with us advertising the
business, you allow us to leave it on.
>> Okay. And I think a lot of people don't
give a [__]
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And so all we're going to do
though is just tack that on to your
existing pricing. So you're So if they
say, "I don't want the QR code," then
they're going to pay $5 more than your
existing price.
>> So they're we bake in a little price
increase there.
>> So we get $5 for the QR code.
So go buy stickers. They're like not
expensive.
>> And just put this massive QR code and
put your phone number and put your like
you've got this you've got this
billboard that's just sitting out there.
What color are the bins?
>> Gray.
>> Man, I totally want them to be neon
orange. I'm dead serious. I I would want
everyone to be like, "Jesus,
>> what is this company?" But they would
notice it, right? I mean, that's what
you're trying to You're trying to know.
>> Yeah.
>> You said, "Wait, didn't you say you
wanted the branding? You wanted to be on
brand with the gray."
>> Yeah. People, we're like clean and
stuff.
>> You think gray's clean?
>> It looks You should look at them. They
look pretty clean. We have people
calling in like, "I seen your clean."
>> They're so gray. It's like the perfect
gray. It's like a light gray. 50 shades.
Anyways, um Okay.
>> Okay. This is this is the this is how we
break this is how we solve the business,
right?
>> So like let's take the time on this. The
other stuff is really easy. I'll show
you some easy like I don't like I can
get into ads. I can get into the funnel.
>> Like if we just do this, we win.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So you don't charge them anything
for the bid, right? As far as they're
concerned,
>> we do have a separate process through
our website. So, we at the door we have
that offer that I mentioned, but then
when they go to our website, enter in
their address and everything and they're
qualified. They do get charged a $37
initiation fee and then they get charged
35 a month.
>> Mhm.
>> So, we have a little higher price point
if they don't take advantage of that,
but most people do the door to door.
>> And so, this 42 is labor, right?
>> Yes.
>> Labor plus truck breaking.
>> Yeah. And dump fees.
>> Okay. Yeah. Plus dump. Okay. Got it. I
think our key is actually how we
structure this the bin. So it cost you
116. Is there a way that we could be
like
because what I want to do is you see
where I'm going with this, right?
>> Yep.
>> Cuz like if we can get the first
transaction to be like 199, you're
covered, right? Because you've got like
So if we add this together, we've got
158. So 158 is the true like cost cost,
right, of of getting this person set up.
Then you have the commission which is
50. So 208 all in. If we got that,
you're like,
>> "Yeah, set."
>> Yep.
>> Right.
>> Something I've been playing around with
is maybe doing only doing the 3 months
free if they pay annually upfront.
>> Yeah, totally.
>> And then like downell to the 89 a
quarter with no months free.
>> Mhm. I like that.
>> Yep. I like that because even the rate
is really attractive. But the I mean the
only negative about that is sometimes
they're like, "Yeah, sure. Let's do it."
And then they opt out because their
current provider matched it, but then
the 3 months free usually is what puts
them over the edge because the current
provider will not offer the three months
free. But out of those that do that, I
would say it's only maybe one and eight
would really
>> Oh. Would um
>> would like after we like, "Okay, it's 89
a quarter." And they're like, "Yeah,
actually my current provider matched
it." So it's like one in eight people.
>> Most people are just like, "Here, just
take the business." Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. So, if we get if we get the the
deal on seven out of eight, who cares,
>> right? Great point. Yeah.
>> So, if we go
what I'm trying to play with is so we've
got the what what levers do we have?
Right. So, levers we have this little QR
code like we're going to make your thing
look ugly. That's thing one. Thing two
is we have the bin. Thing two, we have
thing three is we have the commitment.
Right. Right.
>> These are this is like what we're these
are our puzzle pieces. Okay.
But I want to collect 200. That's what
I'm trying to do.
>> Mhm.
Okay.
So, a quarter is 89, right?
>> Yes.
>> Is there any reason? Do you think
anyone's going to bulk at 99? 89 to 99.
>> A lot of people are paying 105, so it
may not get them over the edge.
>> You mean it's not enough savings?
>> Yeah.
>> I hate being low low cost. Okay. But I
think that there's still some people who
would definitely convert cuz like
there's some people I talked to who are
being charged like 180 a quarter.
>> Yeah.
>> It just all varies, you know, depending
on if you if you call them to say, "Hey,
lower my rate."
>> So 80. So okay, so we got 9090 is 180,
right? In terms of cash, right? There's
going to be some setup fee, right? Which
we could say we have a 42 and we also
have set up fee, right? So it's another
little little thing.
>> We're just we're constructing an offer
right now. That's literally what we're
doing. Okay. Um cuz you could do 3
months free and it's 33 per month,
right?
>> You could still do three months free.
Yeah,
>> that works fine.
>> Oh, here we go. So, we can basically
have the QR code be our $5 extra a month
>> and you're at 29. So, that gets you to
35.
>> Okay.
>> Right. Or you can make it Yeah, that's
fine. So, that gets us to $35
per month, right? And so if we did time
six,
then that's going to be two
is that that's 30 + 180. So 210. All
right. So it's going to be 210 in cash.
And if you commit to six,
and you normally just eat this, right?
>> Yeah.
So, if you commit to six, we'll give you
our $116 bin
for free
and we'll wave
our
$49 setup.
>> So, can you talk a little bit more about
these these numbers right here?
>> Yeah. So, this Yeah. So, $35 a month is
the the price, right?
>> Yeah.
>> But what we're trying to do is get them
to prepay for six months.
>> Okay. So, that's the main offer is you
prepay for six and then that gets you a
free bid and we wave the setup fee.
Okay? If you don't prepay for six, you
can prepay for three and we'll give you
actually maybe we'll just do this. We'll
do this. We'll do 12 and we'll step down
to six and then we'll step down to
three, which is your current offer.
Okay? So, 12 months gets you cuz what
we're looking for here is blended
average cash per door. So if you have
some people who pay 420 and even if it's
like one out of whatever one out of five
pays 420 we're still effectively adding
80 bucks per door in cash collected.
>> Okay.
>> So even if the vast majority of people
if everybody took or if four out of five
took the your current offer and then one
out of five takes the 400 it's like
we're still adding 80 with the existing
whatever 89ers that that you're getting
right now. So now our actual blended
average is close to like 170 a door.
>> Okay.
>> Does that make sense?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. So I think we go times this. Now
if they're like I don't want the QR
code, then we're like fine. We'll drop
it to 30, right? If they don't want this
>> and times 12. So that's 360
and we get that up front which is going
to have lower return anyways. If they
say no, I don't want to do that, then we
say because with that you get free bin
and free wave or like free free setup,
right? If they say no, I'll just do six,
which would then get us the two whatever
the $200ish price point. We can get to
we can finalize the price is in a
second, but you get your $200ish price.
Um, and when you do that, we can't wave
the bin. We can wave the setup fee, but
we're going to add we're just we'll
finance this over the duration. So,
that's where you can get the difference
in terms of the like it's $35 a month if
you do 6 months, it's $30 a month if you
do 12 months.
>> Um, and if you're doing just
monthtomonth, if you sign up today, I'll
let you wave this fee, but you still got
to pay three.
>> Okay.
How does that feel?
>> Complicated.
>> Yeah. Well, no, no, it's complicated cuz
we had to go through everything. But let
me let me let's clean it up. Okay.
>> You got to be able to explain it to the
sales guys.
>> Yeah.
>> So, the offer at the door is going to be
12 months.
And what price are we going to charge at
12 months?
>> For 12 months being 30
>> up front.
>> Up front. So we're going to do 30. So
that's going to be $360.
>> Yep.
>> If they commit to 6 months,
that's going to be at 35.
>> Okay.
>> So that's 210.
And I would say we build by bill twice a
year.
>> Mhm. and then three months.
Do you do a
>> We just incorporated that actually.
Yeah.
>> Okay. Do you have a processing fee?
>> Yeah. So, we Stripe, so it's um
>> No, but like do you you don't charge a
processing fee?
>> No. But we like I've gotten a bunch of
people to switch over. I like offer them
a gift card, like a small gift card to
switch over to a but then we don't do a
>> Well, I'll tell you really a fancy one.
So, say that you charge the 3%. So, this
is all these are plus processing.
And then if they're like, "Oh, I don't
want to pay the processing fee." It's no
worries. If you want if you have a
second form of of payment, we'll wave
the processing fee. It's just because we
have the processing fee just cuz if the
card declines, we it just takes us work
to go redeem it and then you get your
service interrupted and you have trash
sitting around. So, it's honestly in
everyone's best favor. It's like
honestly, no one ends up paying it. They
just give us two forms.
>> Oh, thanks. the um so I did actually do
that and when I got the uh the prices
book that you gave at the workshop and
>> so I kind of messed it up. I did like
two things. I did like an annual fee and
then and then I also mentioned oh yeah
we're also doing a credit card fee which
is really I was just
>> too much too many things. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But I did that and just I was
looking into how to add the processing
fee and like you have to like go to
Mastercard and Visa and all that stuff
and is that true or like they're they
were saying like you have to legally go
to these companies.
>> Oh, I I I don't I think you can just
charge 50% more.
>> Oh, we can just do Okay. Okay.
>> And just say this is our fee.
>> Okay.
>> You can charge whatever fees you want.
>> Check with your legal counsel. Okay.
Great. Uh and then three right now we'll
keep it at um
we'll keep it at the 3month rate which
is going to be 35 right
>> which is 10
what is that 30 105
>> right
>> but we'll still wave the $49 fee
>> okay
>> this one wave is waves bin and fee
I think right that we
Yes.
>> So this gets the discount. So this gets
you the discount and the bin and the
fee.
So it's like what like how why is it? So
it's like the effective rate here is
a 30
and then here it's also 35
but
bin. How are we going to how are we
going to do the bin? How are we going to
work that in?
We're close. This is honestly the most
important thing of today. Like we nail
this. You go all in on door to door.
>> We can get there by the end of the year
and you're set. So I just want to like
make sure we nail this. What else do you
think is so with the bin? Are you saying
that they pay the full 116 up front?
>> I would love that.
>> Okay.
>> But like for this one, I guess because
this is not waved with this with this
offer.
>> Well, what if So, if you didn't have the
bin, right? What would their actual rate
be? So, what do you charge people who
don't who provide their own?
>> Yeah, the bin is like a few if you I
mean depreciating it over its use.
>> No, not the depreciation.
>> Okay. I mean like Well, what Okay, fine.
You you depreciate over what? Three
years. Is that what it is?
>> They have a 10-year warranty on them.
So,
>> so 10 years is we depreciate over.
>> So, you paid it's like a dollar a month
or something like that.
>> A few cents. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> How is it a few cents?
>> Yeah. Cuz over like
>> Well, 116 months.
>> So, am I doing that wrong?
>> Yeah. It be it'd be it'd be dollars.
Yeah. Maybe doing that wrong.
>> Well, 12 months time 10 is 120. It's
$116 bet. So, it's 90 whatever cents per
per month.
>> Okay. So, it's a dollar. It's a buck.
>> They don't know that you do that though.
No. So, that's the thing. So, like
that's like that's that's one-sided
information. Don't worry, we'll cut most
of this thinking time out to figure it
out. No, but I want to I I think the
magic is in this bit. I actually think
that that's I think that's where the
real leverages.
>> Okay.
>> It is something I've been wrestling with
cuz initially when we were doing it and
we didn't have the competitor, we were
like charging 99 for like and they were
like, "Okay, fine." But then some people
bulk at it and I'd be like, "Okay, fine.
We'll wave it." But most people would
pay for it. Um, but now that it's really
competitive, they're just like, I'm
gonna go to this other guy who's giving
me three months free, 89, and I just
have to pay for the quarter. So,
>> yeah.
>> So, it's become a little bit more
challenging in that sense. Doesn't mean
we can't do it.
>> Yeah.
>> But that had that has been something I'
I've done in the past.
>> Um, I think most people were I kind of
played with 99 and then I went down to
50 and most people were like they didn't
really care about 50 as much. But then
like when I did
>> cuz I like So I like I mean you're
currently charging nothing. Yeah.
>> So, if we said, "Okay, up front we have
a $49 bin fee, right?" Yeah.
>> You can buy the bin for 49 bucks. We
know that it doesn't matter, right?
We're just adding adding money. So,
might they'd be like, "It feels
reasonable, right? $49 bucks for the bin
and it's $49 initiation. I don't know.
I'm just coming up with this. Okay. It's
$49 initiation."
And then you have your first quarter,
which is, let's just use your old
pricing. Mhm.
>> 89. So that would get us to 190.
We still have commissions.
>> Yeah.
>> But this bin isn't a real cost cuz it's
going to cover towards $42 for the
quarter
>> that we're we're calling it the bin fee,
but it's really covering our labor
>> for the first quarter.
>> Right.
>> That's clever. Yeah.
>> And our initiation is actually our
commission.
>> Mhm. Mhm. I gotcha. Yeah.
And then our 89 is hopefully our margin.
This feels okay. Do you think you can
sell this?
>> I think I think people will be really
upset with the extra 49
>> the initiation.
>> Yeah. I think they understand the bin.
>> Well, why don't we do this?
>> Yeah.
Like we can either basically Would you
think they'd be more comfortable paying
99 bucks for the bin
>> and they own it?
>> Yeah.
>> It's your bin. You keep it forever.
>> Unless you cancel, of course, in which
case we take it back.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think that
>> I'm just like replaying anecdotal
experiences and
>> take your time.
>> I'm just worried people would be like,
>> "Yeah, it's that's a dealbreaker for me.
like I I won't pay that for for the bid
even if I own it. I just don't want to
have to provide it.
>> Yeah, but what percentage?
>> You're right. I think it' only be like
25% or something. I just always remember
the negative, right?
>> Of course. Yeah, I get it.
>> Yeah. The thing is is all the new sales
guys coming in aren't going to know
anything in terms of like what status
quo is. So, you're like, "Here's the
deal, guys.
>> Like, you're going to get paid 50 bucks
on each one of these."
>> Mhm.
>> And you got to you got to collect two
things. You got to sell them Ben. They
got to pay their first quarter.
>> Mhm. That seems pretty straightforward.
And we can wave the initiation fee.
>> Yeah. And and we still do the three
months free with this or no?
>> Yeah, I think you can still do the three
month the three months free.
>> Okay. I don't hate that.
>> And dude, just to clarify for myself. So
the bin it's actually theirs now. So
they're actually paying for it.
>> Well, it's 116, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So why not? Now if they if they
cancel before their term,
>> you take the bin back,
>> right?
>> Which gives you another piece of
collateral.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> So all and you lose 16 bucks on the bin.
Who cares? But like
>> Yeah. Exactly. So I think I think if you
go you sell them the bid you have this
um you have the first three months right
first
quarter
and we're we're in good shape with that
and this factors and then you have you
give them one free month the next each
of the next quarters.
>> Yeah. And then that means that you're
charging them what? 60 on Q2, Q3, Q4.
>> Exactly. 59 and some change.
>> Got it.
>> And so how do we handle situations where
they we're like, I'm not going to buy
your bed.
>> It's like you can provide your own.
>> Okay.
>> And so we just wouldn't accept them as a
customer.
>> Yeah. I mean, you can provide your own
if you want.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
You could, if you wanted to, say, "If
you're not willing to do that, we'll
finance it over three years, but we end
up charging you 150."
>> I like that. Yeah, I really like that.
>> Because then it gives you a three-year
term.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> And then with the three-ear term, budget
in like, I don't know, add in like a I
don't know, 4% price increase each year.
>> Okay.
>> I think that's it.
>> Feels doable. Yeah.
>> I still want to get this anchor though
because we still want to cuz some houses
are like fine, just [__] build me
once. I don't I don't think about this
again.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And so it's like start at 360.
It's like yes for the year. Okay. So
we're getting close. We're going to do
we're going to do a cleaner a cleaner
next version of this. All right. So all
right. I want to think through it real
quick. So this is the core offer, right?
We'll clean this up. But it's like 99
bucks for the bin, 89 for the first
quarter. You still get your three months
free.
>> Mhm.
>> Cool. That's fine. I still want to start
higher because even if we get 20% of
people to take, which we totally will.
I'm telling you, we're going to that
would be really big for the business
because if we can get this on the core
offer and then we can add 80 to the
average door.
>> Mhm.
>> Then that takes this uh So this is 190.
Add 80, we're at two We're 270,
>> right?
>> Average cash collected per sale.
>> Mhm.
>> You're good.
>> Yeah.
>> You're home free.
>> Mhm.
>> Sexy, right?
>> It's way better than right now.
>> Yeah. It's way better than right now. It
is way better than right now. That's
this that's that's facts. FA FA, you
know, it's fashionable printer. Okay.
Okay. Okay. So, here's here's where this
gets sexy. I got it.
>> Okay.
So,
all right. Okay. I think this is coming
together. This is coming together. If
someone If someone paid 360 up front,
would you give them the the bin for
free?
>> I think I do that. Yeah.
>> Okay. Boom. I think we're just going to
have two offers. Okay.
>> Keep it super simple. We're going to
have 12 months
and with 12 months they're going to be
at $30, right? And they're going to pay
$ 360 in total but free
$99 bid.
So they don't have they don't have to
pay that,
>> right?
>> Great. And then the core offer is going
to be three months
at 30,
but they have to pay for the $99 bin
and 3 months
upfront.
>> Mhm.
>> So all in they're looking at
180 190 whatever 189.
So now look at that AB offer. Yeah. So
would you rather pay 360 pay for the
year? I'll give you the bin. It's on me.
or 189, you just pay the first quarter,
but you just got to pay the bid, right?
>> Right.
>> Yeah. I like that.
>> Then we just got to hustle.
>> Yeah. The nice thing is that this keeps
it super simple. The billable is the
same. All we're debating is who gets the
free bin and who doesn't. You get the
free bin when you commit for the year.
Cuz listen, it costs me money to do
this, but if you commit for that period
of time, I'll throw it in. Right. Like
it actually costs us 116. So like I'll
be like we we actually lose a little bit
of money on these bins.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> But if you commit to us, we'll commit to
you.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
And then our breakdown is let's say now
let's look at the math. So let's say 80%
take our
offer and then 20% take our 360 offer
equals
$72
and this equals surface says Michael
Jamie
>> Jamie the
>> well it's 19.2
2 is 270
is $27 off this which is
$162.
So we add this together
average per door
and we need a 208.
Yeah.
And then you're home free.
>> Doable.
>> Yeah. I just I've never thought about it
that way.
>> You still get three. You still get
three. Like the offers are banging.
>> Yeah.
>> It's like you get three. Like the offer
is great because you're giving three
months free either way. Yeah.
>> So I would that way I think you've got
this great feel, right?
>> You say, "Listen, we're going to give
you three months for free either, right?
Just because you're switching to us. So
we're happy to do that. But if you're
willing to commit to a whole year, give
you the BI,
>> right?
>> If you don't want that, no worries.
>> We'll get you set up. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> What are you going to do? What are you
going to do with all this money?
>> Yeah. I don't know.
>> All right. So, that's that's the that's
the play. That's the play. Okay. And for
for our folks at home, the reason that
that was so important is that we needed
to get above $28
because he had a $50 commission that he
has to pay.
And we knew we had $42 of labor
and we know that he had these bins that
he's been basically fronting the cost
for for customers. Now, to be clear, as
of right now, what was the other cost,
though? There was nothing else. There's
labor, there's commission, and there's
something else.
>> No, I think it was just the bins.
>> Oh, so I'm just being greedy. That
works. Okay. So, then we got Yeah. Yeah.
Well, I like to have I like to grow
businesses debt that free
>> if I can. Me, too.
>> Because I just think there's there's
always a way if you just think about it
hard enough. And so, the bench, which
right now he's been financing over 10
years for $116. But when we add all
these things together, we get to 208.
And so in a perfectly debt-free cash
flow positive way of growing the
business, we have to get on average over
$28 to to break even up front and have
really high really strong cash flow for
the business, which has been the biggest
constraint for you. So getting above
that is the objective. And so what we
did was we solve for it by having an
anchor on the top that we know 20% of
people are going to take and that
contributes an extra $72 a door where
the core offer is going to be 190 which
already solves this.
>> Mhm.
>> Cool. So that's for everyone back home.
Okay. Now let's go back to our our handy
dandy. Isn't this fun? It's a lot of
fun.
[Applause]
Okay. So, we have our our new offer, our
360 for 12 or 12 at at 360. And then we
have our 3189
money. And if you really get wild with
that and you're like, you know what, I
don't need all the extra cash flow, you
can pay the guys 100 bucks a day. 100
bucks a deal.
>> Mhm.
>> And they'll be willing to sell more. If
you're like, you know what, I don't need
all the C. Like, I'd rather just get
more aggressive on the spend. You can
get way better guys if the guys can make
I'll tell you the difference in salesman
that you can get at $500 a day, $15,000
a month, almost $200,000 a year, like a
different an order of magnitude better
saleserson.
>> And the thing is those guys might be
doing like and that order of magnitude
better salesperson might do 10 deals a
day.
>> Yeah.
>> Because the guys who really do door to
door, they run between doors.
>> Really? Okay.
>> 100%. Okay.
>> Because they know it's a numbers game.
Yeah.
>> They're like for every 12 doors I knock
on, I'm going to get a sale. So if I
run, I mean, that's why the UPS guys,
like the guys who who are who are
commissioned and are really understand
the game, they sprint back and forth.
>> Mhm.
>> Because you can cover four times the
doors just by walking fast. They cut
across the lawn. They don't go on the on
the sidewalk like they're moving.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
>> So, we're going scatter. We're going
door to door is our channel. We have our
offer, our 12, our AB offer, which is
great. The extra guys get the bin.
Awesome. And now we don't even have to
have a financing partner.
>> Yeah.
>> And if you want you can and just collect
the cash,
>> right? The the next thing is let's talk
about sales process
>> on how we're going to teach these guys.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. How do you teach your guys right
now? And what's the sales process?
>> Pretty relaxed. I mean, he's the first
guy I've done. So, I just I just take
them door to door, show them how I do
it,
>> and I generally tell them right next to
you.
>> Pardon me?
>> He's right next to you.
>> Yes. Exactly.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. And then I'll do that for a few
times. Show them how it works. show him
how to get a few sales and then I watch
him do it and let him just kind of go at
it and then chime in if I need to and
then eventually just kind of like give
him critiques wherever I see.
>> How many doors can you knock a day?
>> I think I think easy like uh 150.
>> Okay.
>> If you're out there for 8 hours. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So 150 doors. If he's closing I
mean if he if he gets to what you're
doing one out of 12.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Then he's closing more than 10
deals a day.
>> Mhm.
>> Which is chill even at 50. That's what I
hear on average like conservatively you
can get 10 but most guys get 15.
>> Yeah.
>> So the nice thing with your business is
that you're going to be in person with
them. And so you you there's basically
two primary ways that people learn. One
is modeling and the other is basically
doing it. So children learn through
modeling. They watch you do something
and then they learn it. Right?
Alternatively you take it up a notch
when you give feedback. And so doing
role plays like in very real time with
them is going to be the fastest way to
speed up the loop.
>> Okay.
>> So it's literally just like have the
door at your facility or whatever. Like
I mean you want to you really want to
get them in the like in the mechanics of
I say this as the door opens. It'll it
will teach them like don't just stand
next to them like close the door, open
the door, close the door, open the door,
close the door, open the door until they
just nail it every time cuz you know the
first 5 seconds of them opening the door
is like that's the only shot you really
have and they're making their
split-second decision. And so it's like
you have to drill the opener super hard
so they can just say it in their sleep
and they say it the right way every
time. But they should absolutely be
following a script. And for this type of
sale, this script should I mean how long
does it take you to do a sale for these?
>> 2 minutes.
>> Yeah. Right. So they're not super hard
sales. And so the sales script is going
to be like four questions. It's not a
lot. Yeah.
>> Right. And so it's just like
>> cool, here's our door, here's our knock,
here's our open, and then question one,
question two, close question overcomes.
Like that's it. And so I just drill.
Honestly, the drilling the three or four
questions is not going to be tough. Then
you're just going to do traditional
sales training where you're just going
to be like, I have to think about it.
I'm not sure. I have to check with my
spouse. Like, oh, I don't have the the
card that I want on me.
>> Yeah. And when you're when you're
collecting, do you have a lot of people?
Do you have any people who are like, "I
don't have the card that I want to use
on me."
>> So, we actually don't collect money at
the door.
>> Why? We have a contract that we signed.
>> Okay.
>> I heard that it was uh I don't know. I
just heard that it was you have to have
certain permits to collect money at the
door. So, then I don't have that permit
yet.
>> But they put a credit card number down,
right?
>> No.
>> What? And we're still get but people are
still
>> what% what percentage of people who sign
contracts don't end up giving you the
card.
>> Uh none of them really they
>> if we haven't I mean we haven't done the
volume we're talking about right now. So
I'm sure there would be a ton of people.
>> Okay.
>> So you then call them back later?
>> I send them an invoice and then if they
don't complete it I'll follow up and
>> and everyone pays.
>> Yeah.
>> What are we doing? like
we should be selling we should be
selling trash. What are we doing?
>> Well, they need it. Yeah. I mean,
>> yeah. Well, if it's not a constraint,
then I'm not going to mess with it. But
I do think you probably tighten the
sales process in terms of the training.
>> That's absurd. Uh what you just said. I
I don't know in terms of compliance for
that. So, check with an attorney. But
I'm I'm pretty sure you can just ask
someone to buy something.
>> Okay.
>> I'm like pretty like
>> feel pretty confident in saying that.
But but but
>> you know, it hasn't been an issue. And
so if you really do collect 100%, it's
certainly a less friction, a lower
friction sale,
>> but a contract without a payment clause
means nothing. So
>> yeah, the fact that you're getting it is
great. The fact that you're getting is
great. Okay, let's pull up the ads in
the funnel real quick. Okay, so
>> yeah, just go just go funnel. Sorry,
ads. Sorry.
Okay, so I think I think this is fine. I
read the copy. I think it it it checks
the boxes in terms of a normal offer. Uh
the video ad that I saw that was your
best performer was unsurprising to me
that it was the best performer.
>> Bottom link.
>> There you go. If you're a homeowner in
Centerville, Chantelli, Clifton, or
Fairfax, and you want to save hundreds
on your trash collection this year, this
is for you. My name is Philip and I'm
the owner of Garpy Disposal Services.
We're a local familyowned and operated
business in the Centerville area and
we're here to help take care of your
trash. So, if you're tired of things
like increasing bills every year, crazy
prices, unreliable pickups, then we
might be the ones for you to help give
you some more consistency, ease of mind,
and stress-free trash collection. If
that sounds good to you, click the link
down below so we can give you a quote
for trash collection in your area so you
can start saving money and stop worrying
about your trash collection.
>> It's so cringe.
>> No, it's your highest performing. Yeah,
the thing is it seemed authentic. That's
right. And it also hit the the core
pieces is like
>> this is for so and so. I do think you
introduce yourself first rather than
talking about them. But
>> okay,
>> like you can you can I would probably
make it offer driven first pain pain
pain of like hey what you said at the
end like hey if you're tired of XY andZ
blah blah blah I'm so and so okay
>> because it's like leading more with the
things that they're interested in. And
so basically I would just flip the
script on that and then I would record
10 different versions of that with you
in different shirts in different
backgrounds with the truck with a bin
behind you with a neighbor behind you.
Like I would just do as many variations
of that. If I was going to do paid ads,
but we're not going to do that because
we're doing doortodoor. So you just cut
it off completely.
>> I just don't think you need it. I think
all of your attention should go to I
need to get 10 guys that are commission
only that are going to sell this offer
>> and just only focus on that.
>> Yeah,
>> that's it. I mean like if we only have
one thing to be true in order for this
business to be profitable, then let's
just pick that and then just put all of
our effort on that one thing.
>> I mean fundamentally it's the idea of
leverage.
>> Yeah. is like find the one thing that
gives you the greatest output. It also
has no risk on cash flow for you
>> cuz they're commission only.
>> Yeah.
[Music]
>> The perfect solution doesn't ex
>> except when it does.
>> That was it. AV offer 12 month 3-month
20% take the 12 80% take the main. We're
cash flow positive on both. You don't
even need to go into debt for the the
bins.
>> You get 10 guys closing five deals a
day. It's 50 deals a day.
>> Yeah.
>> That's it.
>> And then
>> and it's way way easier to close in than
solar. You can probably get some of
those guys. They're just tired. It's
like, dude, you're like, it's it's such
a such a better life to to just know
you're going to close deals every day
rather than be like knocking doors for 5
days and closing one or two.
>> Yeah.
>> Like it's a much more, you know,
energizing way to live.
>> Yeah. No, for sure.
>> I think my next constraint would be then
getting the sales guys, right?
>> Let's talk about that.
>> Yeah. So right now, so I would say if
like you can handle more volume, right?
Do you don't have to really change
anything about your infrastructure to
handle the volume that you would be
getting from these sales guys?
>> I think after a certain point, we would
need to get another truck.
>> We'll deal with that. Yeah. Yeah. So to
get to your 3,000 whatever it was
number,
>> how much can you take if you were full
capacity? How many customers can you can
you handle?
>> I think we could do 3500.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean like 3500 we had a,000 more
customers to sell.
>> Yeah. So you got to sell I mean in six
month let's call it five months. That's
200 customers at seven customers a day.
I mean you're if you get a second guy
you'll be doing that
>> right
>> in six months.
>> Could be me.
>> Yeah. Could be you.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So yeah that's going to be an
issue because I mean do you have the
cash to go buy another truck?
>> I think I can figure out a way to get
one.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So the way to do it is I I think
that you could given the nature of this
job, I would be looking at running like
Indeed ads/craigslist.
>> Yeah,
>> that would just probably be the easiest
thing for you to do. And then you just
need to work these like it's a lead
funnel, right? And so like if you're not
getting people, so it'd be like like you
have to think about this like as a true
ad. So a lot of people try to like ward
people off. It's like dude, it's an ad.
It's the same thing. It's like you're
gonna run an ad, you have to have a
headline. It has to be appealing. The
cop the body copy has to be interesting
which is like hey you can work four
hours or eight hours a day. The guys who
work eight hours make this. The guys who
work four hours do this. Instead of the
other alternatives you have of like you
have to be able to ask four questions to
somebody at the door. Like break it down
to what they're going to have to do.
>> It's like if you can memorize four
questions then you could be able to make
a six-figure or multi6ig per year income
as long as you're willing to be in the
street. But then now do damaging
admission. It's like hey sometimes it's
going to be hot, sometimes it's going to
be cold. That's the trade. But if you're
somebody who's like just barely
graduated high school, we don't care
about your grades. We care about your
work ethic.
>> Yeah.
>> Like I think that would attract plenty
of people.
>> Yeah.
>> And so it's just add Indeed and those
ones already have kind of like applicant
funnels that are built into it. And so
basically if we're turning off all these
extra things that you're spending all
this like fragmented time on, this is
all you do.
>> Yeah.
>> You go get sales people.
>> And honestly all you need you need like
two guys just to get this going.
>> Yeah.
>> That's it. That makes a lot of sense.
>> PB offer two guys, four questions.
That's it. Let's go.
>> Yeah. I've been doing Indeed ads and but
I haven't been structuring it like that.
>> No.
>> Exactly.
>> It's been more just like the traditional
like corporate.
>> Yeah. But the thing is you have to think
about who's responding to this.
>> Yeah.
>> Write it to that to the salesman, right?
>> Cuz that's who you're trying to attract,
>> right?
>> Like what are all the things that you
either hate about your current job or
you hate about your current sales job?
Both those are the pains. What are the
what's the promise? you can make six
figures, you know, a year or more and
you can work four or eight hours a day.
I'll take you on either. So, some guys
will work, you know, 7 to noon or 7 to
11 and then they go to their other job
by noon and they work, you know, 12 to 8
cuz they're providing for family.
>> So, this is a great opportunity for you
>> and then work on that immediately. Yeah.
>> All right.
>> So, I'll give you the the truth about
this. So, for a job where someone's
coming in commission only, my bar is
relatively low because I'd rather give
more people the opportunity to take a
shot and like prove that they have work
ethic rather than they have the skill of
interviewing, which is a different
skill. I basically would just screen for
crazies.
>> No, I'm serious. I just screen for
crazies and because if you're going to
do this, you're probably going to get a
lot of applications. Definitely don't do
one-on-one interviews. You're going to
be doing group calls. So, bunch of
people on 2 minutes, tell me who you
are, 2 minutes, two, two minutes, 2
minutes, whatever. and then invite the
ones who seem normal to your, you know,
your warehouse or whatever. Meet them in
person, give job offers on the spot,
tell them when they can start,
>> okay?
>> I just don't think you have to over
complicate this. And so it's like, cool,
what we're going to do is we're going to
do shatter for a week
>> and then we're going to break you off in
twos and then that's it. Like you're
good to go. And the thing is here is
like if you wanted to like
>> this is this is me talking about how you
aggressively scale sales like you need
like two guys. So like get on a group
call, talk to a bunch of them, the guy
who seems cool and normal and
hardworking. Invite two or three of
those guys out because a bunch of them
aren't going to aren't going to last,
right? Because it is door to door and
there are there is some risk there. And
so like maybe it's hire five to get one.
Okay, just lower the bar. Like you're
not looking for somebody to cure cancer
here. You need someone to ask four
questions and be able to fill a four.
>> Yeah, definitely. Cuz I mean like I said
me, I'm not like the best salesman in
the world, but I can go up there and
sell.
>> Sure. But the thing is you seem
trustworthy.
>> You think so?
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> So,
>> and you're also the business owner, so
it's like I think that's a big
>> course. You have star power. So, but
with them though, I think what the the
one thing that I'm looking for is
hunger.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, I think that'll typically skew
to either young single guys who are just
like really hungry and like go-getters
or people who just are about to have
like a kid on the way like you are.
You're more hungry now than you probably
were.
>> Right. Cuz you're like cuz you have to
be.
>> Yes. It's like, you know why married
married men with kids make more money
than guys who are single without being
married and don't have kids?
>> Because they have to.
>> That's why they make more money.
>> I mean, yeah.
>> So, the they literally choose to make
more money because they have no other
choice.
>> Yeah. That's definitely how I feel.
>> Yeah. Right. And so, you're doing it.
So, basically like I just look for
someone's circumstances of like why do
they need this?
>> If someone's like hungry, then
>> I'm especially in a job like this, this
is so work ethic driven. They're not
going to run out of houses. Yeah, for
sure.
>> Right.
>> So, would you say I should just not do
any more door to door and just train the
guys?
>> Well, I think you I mean, you're going
to be doing door to door in the
training.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> So, your sales isn't going to go down.
You're just going to have more people so
you can duplicate it,
>> right? Okay. Makes sense.
>> Two birds in stone.
>> Yep.
>> Basically, as far as I'm concerned, I
want you to keep doing doortodoor
>> because if you've got your guy and
you've got you, you got to start doing
10 10 deals a day. Just you two. You're
at 300 a month. You need in three months
you're at your thousand.
forget everything else. In three months,
you're thousand.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. But as far as you're concerned, I
don't think you should ever do something
alone.
>> Okay.
>> So, you have this skill set.
>> You should have somebody always watching
you so that you're basically you're
getting you're getting two birds one
stone, right? You're getting you're
double dipping on effort.
>> So, someone's always with you because
you're the lead salesperson
>> and they're learning until eventually
somebody else is the best salesperson.
You pass out. you you know you step back
Homer Simpson style into the bushes and
then they they slide up and then they
become lead trainer and if you want you
say hey I'll give you 60 bucks a sale
instead of 50 because it's a little hard
to have somebody else with you
>> right makes a lot of sense
>> easy yeah
>> cool
>> I feel like this is it so let's let's do
a quick recap here
>> let's do a quick recap and we'll
prioritize it but it's going to be an
easy list
>> simple not easy how about that
>> all right so make it blue for you
Michael All right I know Michael really
wanted the blue. He's like, "All right,
so the first thing we're going to do is
we made the decision to go scatter as
our avatar." All right, so that's
decision number one, which we just did
instantly, but there we go. Number two
is we switched our offer. So we have now
an AB offer
for offer for 3 months free.
And so offer A is going to be 189.
and then 60 per month after that.
And then offer B is 360
free
bin. That's our deal.
>> Yep. Three
Indads.
I'd also hit up your network. You only
need a couple, right? Indeed ads into
group
call.
Or you can just honestly invite them all
in person if you want, but sometimes
people are really crazy. So, the
two-minute, you know, call in person
and then tag along
and role playing until your eyes bleed.
And the nice thing is that basically uh
document demon duplicate is the process
that we use. And so, like the document
is like you have the script, they
memorize it. While you're walking
between doors, you're just like you're
you're role playing it back and forth.
What do you say? What do you say? What
do you say? Yeah.
>> Demonstrate. You do it in front of them.
Hey, watch me follow the script. Watch
me close deals. Now, duplicate, you
knock, I'll be here, I'll ride shotgun
and I'll watch you do it. So, you can
give immediate feedback.
>> Okay, that's it. And then in terms of
[Music]
I mean, [__] what like what's the
what's the outcome of this? The outcome
of all of this is that your cash flow
positive
and babies
have
food.
Smiley face. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Feel better?
>> Does this feel clear?
>> It does. Yeah.
>> That's it. Yeah. Give me instructions
and I'll go.
>> That's it. That's all you have to do.
And the nice thing is one and two is
instant.
>> Yeah.
>> You literally just have to do this,
>> right?
>> Go hire five more sales guys.
>> I think this is the this is the play.
>> Yeah, I think so too.
>> Doesn't this feel like like the noise in
the world? Like quiet.
>> I think I was doing way too much.
>> Of course you were doing way too much.
>> I think I was like
>> you two different avatars and five
different acquisition processes.
>> Yeah.
when there's just one that if we just
did this well
>> Yeah.
>> we can solve the cash flow issue
>> and we can hit your hit your extra
thousand in the next like 90 days.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a quarter. It's nothing.
>> Mhm.
>> Feel good.
>> Thank you. Appreciate it. No, man. I
told you we we'd get through it.
>> Yeah. And so, Philip, I'm rooting for
you. If you enjoyed this and you want to
see a different business that went from
negative to positive in one
conversation, check out this
conversation with Alexar. He's a legal
person who does legal things for
musicians so that they can get contracts
and incorporated and whatever musicians
do to make